c:\users\joost\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Underdark\Underdark\bin\Windows\Debug\Underdark.exe
c:\users\joost\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Underdark\Underdark\bin\Windows\Debug\Underdark.pdb
c:\users\joost\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Underdark\Underdark\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\joost\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Underdark\Underdark\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\joost\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Underdark\Underdark\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\joost\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Underdark\Underdark\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\joost\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Underdark\Underdark\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\joost\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Underdark\Underdark\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\joost\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Underdark\Underdark\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\joost\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Underdark\Underdark\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\joost\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Underdark\Underdark\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\joost\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Underdark\Underdark\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\joost\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Underdark\Underdark\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\joost\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Underdark\Underdark\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\joost\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Underdark\Underdark\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\joost\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Underdark\Underdark\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\joost\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Underdark\Underdark\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\joost\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Underdark\Underdark\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\joost\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Underdark\Underdark\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\joost\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Underdark\Underdark\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\joost\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Underdark\Underdark\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\joost\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Underdark\Underdark\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\joost\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Underdark\Underdark\obj\x86\Debug\Underdark.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\joost\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Underdark\Underdark\obj\x86\Debug\Underdark.exe
c:\users\joost\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Underdark\Underdark\obj\x86\Debug\Underdark.pdb
C:\Users\Joost\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Underdark\Underdark\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\background.xnb
C:\Users\Joost\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Underdark\Underdark\bin\Windows\Debug\IgnoreMe.dll
C:\Users\Joost\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Underdark\Underdark\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\characterBase.xnb
C:\Users\Joost\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Underdark\Underdark\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\tiles\bush.xnb
C:\Users\Joost\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Underdark\Underdark\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\tiles\black.xnb
C:\Users\Joost\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Underdark\Underdark\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\tiles\white.xnb
